# ghostship
Ghostship is a text based survival-horror adventure game set on a 435 year old Spanish galleon.  It is inspired by the original Zork title.

PLOT

You take on the role of a Coast GUard Boatswain's Mate who is responding to multiple calls of a very old, very large ship attempting to ram multiple vessels just outside Mobile Bay in the state of Alabama (United States).  After some time searching you and your crew locate the dicrepid vessel and can barely believe what your brain is attempting to process.  The name "Girona" is emblazoned on a plaque you notice as you make your way up what would have been the area set for a gangway.  You radio back to your post the new information and are told that is impossible.  The Girona was part of the Spanish Armada and was lost off the coast of Ireland in 1588 with all hands.  All the treasure aboard the ship was either lost or looted by English sailors.  You fail to hear the rest of what the radio operator is attempting to relay as static overtakes the radio.  You hear an insidious, hissing laughter from nowhere in particular and everywhere around you as the ship shudders and bolts foreward at a speed impossible with no wind and tattered remnants of canvas for sails.  After slipping on the wet, seaweed encrusted deck you recover your balance long enough to look over the rail and see your boat begin to follow, but their lights flicker and the engine suddenly dies.  

As your world disappears into the dark and the salt mist, it becomes woefully clear that the ship has you and will never willingly let you go.  Your only chance for survival is to find a way to stop the hell-boat and get it turned around to make your way back home.  Where to start in this task though is none too clear.  You look toward the helm and see the silhouettes of three large men standing around the base of where it once was set.  You cannot see their eyes but it is obvious they are looking at you; waiting.  They make no move or sound.  They are patient and have all the time in the world.  They know there is nowhere for you to go but toward them.  There is nowhere for you to go. This is a Ghostship and there is nowhere for you to go.
